MISY430-Team30
==============

ParkIt Application Project
ParkIt is a company that provides its customers with a hassle free way to reserve parking at professional level sporting events throughout the East Coast. ParkIt utilizes a mobile application to aid its customers in the process of reserving their parking spots. The mobile application is simple, elegant, and very user friendly. The purpose of our service is to provide customers with a guaranteed parking spot for their specific sporting event. Our application will greatly reduce the stress of game day.

Often time’s, sports fans find it difficult to locate parking in close proximity to the sporting arena or they have to arrive hours early just to attempt to get a spot. Not only is finding a spot a hassle, but finding a reasonably priced parking spot seems impossible. Built up frustration from the loss of time and money is no way to start game day. ParkIt’s mobile application alleviates this frustration with its parking spot reservation system. This reservation system provides fans with a guaranteed parking spot for their visit to game. With ParkIt, going to games is as easy as Reserve. Park. Go.!

ParkIt will obtain its bulk spots through negotiating deals with the sporting arenas and local public parking garages/lots. ParkIt will purchase spots that are in close proximity to the arena location. Buying these spots in bulk will reduce the overall cost per spot. ParkIt makes its revenues by charging customers the full standard cost of the spot. When a customer makes a reservation on the application, their parking payment is collected through the application via credit card. In addition to the standard parking fee, the customer will also pay a small convenience fee. The amount of the convenience fee is calculated based on the popularity of the game. This payment process will be automated within the application. The main source of revenue for ParkIt will be the premium charged on the spot (difference between ParkIt’s cost and the posted price) and convenience fees from the customers. The application itself will be free of charge to download for all customers.

ParkIt enables the user to search for parking based on the game they are attending. The customer searches for the sports team in the application and selects the game of interest. The application will then list the available sports for the specific sporting event.

	**After asking 15 individuals, 11 out of 15 individuals would use this application when traveling to major cities. These 11 individuals said that the application would be very useful for busy cities like New York and Philadelphia. These 11 people also stated that they would pay a small convenience fee if they knew their parking is guaranteed when they arrived to their event. The 4 people that did not have interest in our application do not usually attend sporting events in the city; therefore, they do not find much use for this application.**
